Notes:
Ask your partner to take some time to think of three words.
Now, using these words, along with words of your own (as many as you like) write a short myth. Take some time to get it just right. You must use all three of the words your partner has provided

1. Glorious
2. Melody
3. Spoon/forks/dishes


How the rest of the universe was created and how earth got objects on it.

Narrative:

In comosology, the Big Bang theory magically created our superforce from neutrons, protons and electrons which includes the universe, stars and galaxies. What crazy Scientists came up with that? Have you ever head of the riddle, "hey, diddle, diddle?" Where there was a cat, fiddle, cow, moon, dog, dish and a spoon. That's just it. These key objects are significantlly intertwined and there is a reason why there is a riddle about it. They are what atually created the universe. Before the Big Bang theory and all of those weird theories, there were three planets, the moon, sun and earth. The earth had human figures, agriculture and was modern for its time. Elias is the goddess of the moon, she controlled fate and that led the moon to shine bright daily. 
Elias had three glorious daughts, named cat, cow and dog of the moon. Cat would play the fiddle and her music made objects dance. She would sit in her room all day long, creating masterpieces. These symphonies were created for her mother, Elias to use. Cow was the middle sister and danced to her older sister, Cat's melodies. Cow's dances would bring objects togethers no matter how far apart they were. She would jump and prance all over the moon until she was tired. Dog was the youngest and goofiest, her happiness was from her sisters. She would laugh loudly, it was almost like a lion roar. When she laughed, objects would create into whatever she wanted. If she wanted to drink milk, she would laugh and milk was right in the palm of her hands. 

Everyday Elias would tell her eldest, Cat to play the fiddle and in a domino affect, her sisters Cow and Dog would join. They would constantly be creating new objects and eventually they collected and piled up like a garbage dump. Elias was happy and proud of her beautiful daughters and their talents. However with the large quantities of objects piling up, she didn't know what them anymore. One day she got mad at her kids, the moon turned dark and it shocked Cat, Cow and Dog immensely because their mom would always be happy towards them. They were so scared that Cat's music started to sounds awful. High-pitched, hair-raising noises, that you wouldn't be able to even call it music. With sadness, that created Cow to push objects off of the moon crashing into other objects, breaking into small pieces.

With objects flying off the moon, Elias somehow became happier because her moon-space was now clearing up and she felt attractive again. She dazzled her light and the broken pieces from Cow were able to come together with Dog's help and started creating new objects that they have never seen before. Planets starting forming. In shock, Elias kept it going with her daughters help. Stars, galaxies, flowers, food, houses appeared and more. Elias kept throwing these objects towards the earth and that is how things were created on earth and how the universe was created.

