Notes:
Plushie (Her name was dolly, blonde hair, pig tails, purple and white dress with flowers)
Jewelry (Pearl necklace that was given from my grandma passed dowm from my great grandma)
Pictures (Family gatherings, birthdays, friends, family, etc
Passport (Traveled to many different places growing up) 
Boat Paddle (lived on a boat for 5 years, traveled the sea from Vietnam)
Seashells (lived in Sechelt by the ocean for most of my teenager years)

Narrative: 

If a fire were to spread through my home, there would be one certain object that I would not be able leave behind. It is not
something you'd expect. I got her when I first born and she has not left my side. 

I gaze at her pink-beige coloured face, it is beaten up from over the years and has a small stain of clear nail polish on it from when I was younger. Her blonde, pig tailed hair is now scruffy and is not as it used to be. There are slight strands that stick out from her used to-be tightly braided hair. I try to push the yellow, soft, strands back into her braids but it won't fit anymore. Her dress and hat match, the design is white with purple accents and small purple flowers everywhere. Her big, light, brown eyes still have the sparkle they used to when she would listen to all of the stories I would tell her.

We go to bed together, brush our teeth, say goodmorning, godnight, talk, eat and play. She is my bestfriend. She has been in the wash a countless amount of times and sits on the left side of my bed. Although I am not a little kid anymore, my doll has stuck by my side through everything.



Reflection:
This exercise reminds me how special my doll has been to my while growing up, she has helped me with cognitive and motor skills. She has been a big friend to me. With a lot of kids that I have baby sat or my neices/nephews, little cousins or other kids, you often seeing them crying throughout the day because they don't have their doll/toy/blanket with them. That is the exact feeling I had and I realize the significance of that. I begin to think that suggesting dolls to other children can be an important aspect of growing up. The skills used on a doll, for example changing her/him can be applied to dressing yourself as a kid. 

The interesting part of this exercise is thinking about a special object you have and realizing how significant it is to you. I feel like I should give my doll more credit than she deserves for being there for me when I needed her. Some memories that were evoked while doing this exercise were remembering times when I cried for my doll and missed her. I remember I once slept at my friends since whe I was 6 and could not stop crying about being homesick and missing my doll. It sounds funny now, but being a little kid. Those emotions are hightened times ten. This exercise was joyful remembering about the times my doll and I played together. 




