Notes:

The three images my partner picked:

1. Hiking Garibaldi
2. Moving from Sechelt to Vancouver
3. Our last family camping trip

Between the images that my partner picked, I was torn between 1. and 2.
I have decided to write about number 2.

Narrative:

It was the last day of summer, right before the first day of school. I woke up early in the morning, opened the curtains and noticed the sun shining brightly. I heard my father moving things around, I went downstairs to the kitchen to check out what the noise was. He was putting things into boxes and abruptly told me that we were moving. It felt like smoke rapidly clouded my head. I could not fathom what he was saying nor did I know what to do. My dad said we are catching the ferry in four hours. I have a flashback to when I heard my family talking about moving earlier this summer but I did not think we were going to move this fast. Thoughts running through my head, the first thought was, "what about all of my frineds?" I ran to my room, I started packing my things and did not have much time to think. I was the last one in the house, I walked around the house to make sure I didn't forget anything. I gently closed the front door and locked it. I jumped in the back of our truck carrying my last few items, gave my old house one last look, said my farewells and off we drove.

I gaze out our trucks window like one of those sad scenes in the movies, saying more goodbyes to all my favourite places I used to go to and hang out at. The ferry was a quiet trip for me. We ended up driving to one of the houses my father had bought a long time ago and rented out but was now vaccant. I move my things into my new room and still had no words. 

Today is the first day of school in the big city. I have never switched schools before or moved in my life. I am just a small town girl and my old school only had 600 students compared to this new school which has over 1200. I ask my father to drive me to school and to walk with me into school. My survival instincts begin to kick in and aniexty begins to rush in. Even with my father there, I was still scared. I look around at all of the students, feeling judged. Everyone is already is groups and knows each other, but I am the new girl. I want to fit in with everyone and feel accepted. I go to first class which is French and sit beside a girl.


Reflections:

While thinking about the three different images my partner gave me, it made me appreciate those times that I spent with my family. This exercise taught me to appreciate my surroundings and my friends. 

In my story, I was ready to see my friends from childhood the next day for the first day of grade 9, but since I moved to a different city, I didn't get the proper chance to say bye in person. During that time, it made me want to make the most of my time with friends and new friends that I made. As well as appreciate my home and where I lived. While living in a small town, it had a lot of positives but moving to a bigger city, it comes with more opportunities.

This exercise has taught me that I like to tell stories about my family and life experiences. For creativity wise, I want to try to expand on different topics. 

A challenge of my own personal development in grade 9 was how nervous I was that the other students were judging me. Now that I'm older, it is a little less intimidating. 

