Notes:

I asked my friend who is a dancer to do my three movements.
She decided to do a few movements from three different genres of dance.
1. Ballet
- Pointe work(movement of the feet/dancing on toes)
- graceful arm movements 
2. Tap dance (movement on the feet, tappnig the floor with special shoes)
3. Modern (focus on movement from emotion)
3. Hip-hop (pop-lock movement)

Reminded myself when I was a figure skater. 
Since I was little till high school.

Narrative:

Figure skating is dear to my heart. In grade five, my mother put me in figure skating and 
my brother in ice hockey. It led to years of vigorous training, practices, annual shows, off ice acrobatics practice and competitions. 
After school, I walked home and got ready to go to practice. To prepare myself, I would gather my ice skates in a small black duffle bag, cold water for hydration,
thin black gloves, skincoloured stockings and my sparkly skating dress and off I went to practice. When I walk into the ice arena for practice, a nostolgic smell rushes in my nose and my thoughts of the place remain, as well as the popcorn they sell at the concession stand. 
I would give my skates to Owen, who sharpened my skates for me. Then walk to the skaters room to put them on, tie my long laces and pull my stocking over the skate. Before I step on the ice, I take my purple guards off, put my water bottle down on the bench and open the gate. My skating blades were as sharp as a knife. I could hear my skate scratch the ice as I put my first skate down and the feeling of gliding on the ice is a special feeling to me. When I practiced choreography that my instructor gave me, I was first taught to focus on the experssion of inner feelings like dancers who did the dance style modern dance. 

I used to take ballet class when I was younger, the swift movements of my arms as I whirled around the rink and spun in my spins reminded me a lot about ballet. During my routine, I focused on footwork too, which was had a tap dance feel to it.



Relfection:
What does a given exercise teach you about your own creativity? This exercise teaches me that I think a lot about my past experiences while trying to be creative. 
What was surprising or interesting about a given exercise? The most interesting thing about this exercise was finding a person who would make movements that I could relate to. 
Where did you have the most difficulty in a given exercise? Being descriptive is still challenging to me.
What was most joyful about a given exercise? The most joyful thing about this exercise was reminiscing on a past passion I used to have.
What memories, thoughts, or feelings were evoked by a given exercise? Some memories that were evoked were the countless hours I would spend at this certain ice arena and the hours I put into practicing. 
What might a given exercise teach you about your own challenges in personal development? 

